  In this program, the user is given a randomly scrambled word and they are asked to try to guess the word one letter at a time using the scrambled letters provided for them.
  In the beginning of this program I start by defining my functions that will be used in the main part of this program, which are "secret_word" which gives the program the random word and then removes that word from the file, using .pop, so that it cannot be used again, "scramble_word" which scrambles the letters of the random word, and "print_word" which prints the scrambled letters of the word in uppercase for the user to guess from. 
  After this I defined my "main" function. My variables for this are "guessedword", "scrambledword", "guesses", "letter", "newletter", "gameover", and "wordlist", which are defined in the beginning of this function. After I define these I open the file which is to be read line by line. I then add the words from the file into my "wordlist" variable and then close the file. The guessing game then starts. The user is given a printed message welcoming them to the game and telling them the rules of the game. The program then gets a word from the wordlist, using the "secret_word" function, and scrambles it, using the "scramble_word" function. The program then uses a while loop to keep the user in the game until they guess the word correctly. They are given an "Incorrect guesses" counter which goes up every time they guess a wrong letter. It then prints the scrambled word and, if they have correctly guessed parts of the word, it prints the letters they have guessed correctly. It prompts the user to guess a letter, "newletter", and if they guess a correct letter it is added to "guessedword", it is printed back to them, and the "letter" counter goes up and the program checks the next letter for correctness. If they guess wrong the "incorrectguesses" counter goes up by 1 using the "guesses" variable. Once they have guessed all of the letters then the game is prompted to end and it outputs a congratulations message along with how many incorrect guesses the user had. It then prompts the user to press "Enter" to exit and once this is done, the program is over.
